Added new FAQ for Xcode 16 and fastlane (#714)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/build/platform-build-guides/building-ios-applications.md

```
:::

### Xcode 16 Known Issues

Apple introduces big changes with Xcode, which it develops every year. You can find the errors and solutions encountered for the first time after the Xcode 16 transition under this title.

#### Error: `PBXGroup` attempted to initialize an object with unknown ISA `PBXFileSystemSynchronizedRootGroup`

> After Xcode 16 migration, when you add a new target to your project, you will get a reference error if this target is not added correctly. This error is caused by Xcode writing the reference differently in the `.pbxproj` file, which must be read to compile the project and where the project references are written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the Xcode 16 migration, adding a new target to your project may result in a reference error if the target is not configured correctly. This error occurs because Xcode now writes the reference differently in the .pbxproj file, which is essential for compiling the project and contains all project references.
```

```

Error: PBXGroup attempted to initialize an object with unknown ISA PBXFileSystemSynchronizedRootGroup from attributes: 
{
  "isa"=>"PBXFileSystemSynchronizedRootGroup", "exceptions"=>["5E7769042CAEDA6A0010DF2F"], 
"explicitFileTypes"=>{}, "explicitFolders"=>[], "path"=>"ImageNotification", "sourceTree"=>"<group>"
}

```

> This error is caused by the target files added to the project being added as a `folder` and not as a `group`. Xcode uses a `group` structure to `group` files together in the project directory and creates its references accordingly. If you have created a `folder` in the project directory in a way other than Xcode, you will encounter the above error during build because this reference will be misspelt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is caused when target files are added to the project as a `folder` rather than as a `group`. Xcode uses a `group` structure to organize files within the project directory and creates references accordingly. If a `folder` is manually created in the project directory outside of Xcode, a misspelled reference may result, leading to the error during the build process.
```

You need to do to resolve this error;

- Open your project on **Xcode**.
- In Xcode, find the relevant file using the project navigator on the left panel.
- Right click and select **`Convert to Group`**.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/xcodeFaq.png' />

After this operation, the references of the relevant files will be rewritten. 

#### Error: Cycle inside `Application Target Name`; building could produce unreliable results

> If the necessary dependencies are installed with **SPM** (Swift Package Manager) in the project and there are some Run Scripts in the **Build Phase** section in Xcode, you may encounter this error when these scripts do not run in a certain order.

Author: This is the term of Xcode, you are right I update.

```

Error: Cycle inside <TargetName>; building could produce unreliable results.
That command depends on command in Target 'Target Name': script phase “Google Plist Run Scrip”
That command depends on command in Target 'Target Name': script phase “Crashlytics”
Target '<TargetName>' has Swift tasks blocking downstream compilation

```

> This error may be due to **`Embed Foundation Extensions`** being under **`Copy Bundle Resources`**. For this reason, you can overcome this problem by moving **`Embed Foundation Extensions`** up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error may occur if Embed Foundation Extensions is located under Copy Bundle Resources. To resolve this issue, try moving Embed Foundation Extensions to a higher position in the list.
```
